==Readme for modsfortowns

We need a readme here explaining how to use the API. How to submit patches (commits) and how to get the app up and running.

Some comments about testing style should go in the secion about submitting patches.

===Submitting Patches

Submitting patches is pretty standard. Create a test proving the problem or missing feature. Write your code. When your test is green, then commit the changes as a pull request.

Changes will not be accepted if the changes do not have a matching test (where applicable).

===Notes on Testing

I have personally formed a long and lenghty relationship with testing. This project uses pretty standard methods for testing. Testing should focus on testing models. Do not test views. It doesn't matter if code can pickup that a div is there. It only matters if users can see it. Use your eyes to test views. Controllers are a grey area. Do not double test. This means that controller tests are going to be (and should be) pretty small. DO test controllers for complex controller logic, or to debug issues. ALWAYS test models. This balance creates a code base that is well tested, catches most issues, and keeps the project moving forward.  Some people will say that this is incorrect. However I don't care. This works very well. If your not sure if you should write a test or not you should. All commits must have a passing rake run. Do not double test. If you test something on the model level then there's no need to test on the controller level.



=== API Usage

First a quick note. RESTful apis require the proper accept header, content type, and HTTP Verb.


*GET* /mods - return a list of mods and the latest version of that mod

*GET* /mods/:id - return the full details for that specfic mod.

*GET* /mods/:id/versions - return a list of all versions of a mod.

*GET* /mods?user_id=:user_id - return all mods by the user

*GET* /mods?category_id=:category_id - return all mods in a category.

*GET* /mods?complete=1 - return only completed mods

_Note:_ search terms can generally be combined. To find all mods by user_id in category_id you can do /mods?category_id=:category_id&user_id=:user_id&complete=1

*GET* /packs - return a list of all mod packs.

*GET* /users - return a list of all authors. An author is anyone that uploaded a mod or created a mod pack.


=== Images and screen shots

Screenshots and images are going to be ready to be used in a 16:9 aspect ratio. There are 4 sizes prepaired by the server.

* Thumb 390x220
* Small 845x480
* Shot 1290x720
* Big 1920x1280

The website will use Thumb and Shot sizes most everywhere. Original files are also available via the API. With luck mod creators will upload someting akin to a 16x9 resolution image and everything will look awesome. This may cause a problem with tiny or small images being blown up so huge, but it will encourage mod authors to upload larger images.
